hello everybody my name is J I'm one of
the expert IELTS teachers here at e to
language and also a teacher at E to
school which is the new website I'm
going to tell you about in this lesson
in this lesson we're going to talk about
how you can best prepare for your IELTS
test because what you don't want to do
is take your IELTS and not get the score
that you want you want to take it once
and once only and you want to succeed
and you want to come out at the end and
be very happy if you can so let me talk
to you about the steps you need to take
in order to be successful in your IELTS
the first thing you need to do when
you're preparing for your IELTS is to
determine what score you need you need a
six six point five seven seven point
five or eight these scores depend on the
Immigration Department or the university
that you're trying to apply for for
example so you need to actually work out
what score you need and obviously an 8
is going to be much more challenging
than a six so think about those scores
so that's the first step where are you
headed or what do you need the second
step then is to determine what your
current level of English is so if you're
anything for a six for example is your
English currently at a six if you're
aiming for an 8 is your current level at
an 8 or is it at a 7 and how can you
determine this also if you're aiming for
an 8 then your reading writing listening
and speaking all need to be at an 8 as
well perhaps you might be weak in one
skill for example and bear in mind that
there are sub skills associated with
these macro skills
so there are grammar vocabulary fluency
pronunciation essay writing as in the
structure as well as spelling so how are
you at these sub skills of English
because ultimately the IELTS test is a
test of your English skills
really of course there's test
preparation and you need to learn about
the different question types for example
and how to structure up your different
essays but at the end of the day it is a
question of how good
your English is an English consists of
those four skills and then those sub
skills as well and you may need to
improve all of them okay let's keep
going and think about how you're going
to get there so how are you going to
determine your level of English well
there are two main ways here's a bad way
the bad way is to go and take the IELTS
test and see how you go and a lot of
people do this one I understand you want
to get this sort of test experience and
you think oh look I'll just go and have
a crack I'll go and have a shot at
taking the IELTS test and see how I go
most of you who do that without good
preparation won't succeed and I say that
from looking at the statistics of
success rates and pass rates that you
can see on the IELTS website for example
it's also going to cost you about 200 US
dollars to do this and it's gonna take a
lot of stress there's another way which
is much more efficient and almost just
as accurate that is to take e to
languages IELTS mini mock test this will
cost you 59 US dollars you'll do a
complete IELTS test on the computer and
you'll get feedback on your writing from
a teacher not only that you'll actually
do a one-on-one speaking with a teacher
as well who will also give you
comprehensive feedback so you're going
to get an indicative score and also
you're going to get lots of information
about which questions you're struggling
with and information about how you're
going on your writing for example this
is a very good way to determine whether
you're ready or not to take the IELTS
test let's keep moving along okay so
let's say you get the results back from
your mock test and let's say your
results are really good okay the teacher
said fantastic you're like an IELTS 8 or
8.5 level everything is looking
hunky-dory cool bananas you're gonna go
and take the IELTS test and you'll
probably be successful let's say you get
the result of your mini mock tests in
they're not bad they're not great let's
say you're aiming for a 7 for example in
your sort of
six point five for writing and you've
got a bit of it maybe you got a six for
reading but you've got an eight for
listening okay you may need to go and do
a preparation course on e to language
comm we've got courses from the Express
a 69 US dollars would take you you can
do that in a couple of weeks up to three
months right up to our platinum course
which is a little bit more expensive but
it comes with lots of tutorials and
feedback and both of these come with
live classes for example this is a good
way to do test preparation but let's say
the score you got was bad or let's say
you're just not ready to take the IELTS
test because your fundamental English
language skills are not there your
vocabulary or grammar your pronunciation
are lacking what can you do well we have
a solution now which is fantastic what
you can do in fact is go to e to school
this is a brand new website from e to
language and what it does is it focuses
on those basic or fundamental English
language skills and it's cheap much
cheaper than an English language school
for each course which I'm going to tell
you about in a minute it'll cost you
nine dollars a US per month that is far
cheaper than you're ever going to find
at a language school or a personal tutor
and it's all as this website here but
now what I'm going to do is I'm going to
introduce to you amber okay so to
practice the count non-count distinction
NEMA suggests an active je what are you
doing I'm trying to improve my grammar
by using the big grammar book oh dear
that is not the best way to learn
grammar oh do you know what the best way
is No
well I have the answer oh yes cool the
grammar review course it must be
expensive how much is it it is 100% free
must be a catch it's gonna teach you
grandma everything you need to know
about grandma is in that course Wow and
does it work well we cover the different
parts of speech in English
what's a part of speech right well a
part of speech is a different type of
word in English so English has a number
of different types must have thousands
of different types no there are actually
only eight types of speech right and so
we covered these in the grammar review
course okay so you go through adjectives
and nouns and adverbs and my favorite
one articles of course I always have
trouble with articles in fact they're
tiny words but probably they cause the
biggest problems for many learners of
English absolutely so so on e to school
this grammar review course which is 100%
free
how is it going to help me with my
articles well in each lesson we go
through three things we take you through
the meaning of each type of word we look
at the use of how to use it so for
example how to use it in a sentence
yeah and we also look at the very
important rules okay great and you're
one of the teachers yes that's right and
so you and I am as well there you go so
if you do need help improve you grammar
check out e to score and we kid you not
the grammar review course is 100% free
yeah just totally cool absolutely um we
look at adjectives prepositions pronouns
adverbs articles nouns and verbs
articles magic that's 77 contractions
are coming soon conjunctions and
interjections but that's right good
stuff
Thank You Emma Thank You Jay hopefully
these guys will see you at a to school I
look forward to it
okay oh my god oh my god oh my god so
much vocabulary to learn before my test
it's just it's just not sinking into my
brain are you just trying to learn a
list of work I'm just trying to memorize
all of these words I think that's your
first problem word list is good it's
okay but it's not really gonna help you
build your vocabulary right well that's
my problem when I take these tests I
find the reading the listening and the
writing section really difficult because
I just lack vocabulary hmm what can I do
you need a really good system
that's why we created this course called
test ready which is a really powerful
vocabulary learning system essentially
okay so the idea is to really learn
vocabulary you have to see it and hear
it again and again several times some
people stay up too so many times right
either way you need to make the word in
different places not just on the same
word list to get it again so yeah we
made this course based around common
topics that you might get in a language
test oh nice good and we drew out the
words that are really gonna be important
to understand okay and then we give you
those words again and again okay
fantastic and so this is like it's a
full online course there's different
activities in this video base now and
they're live classes cuz I love live
classes of course oh yeah yes so every
lesson has the topic lesson which you
can access anytime you work through and
it has a live class attached so you can
come along and I'll be there or one of
our other teachers and we'll take the
same topic some of the same vocab in
another context okay when you practice
reading writing listening and speaking
with that vocab fantastic it's pretty
good so if I get an essay prompt that's
about education or environment or space
travel or whatever I'm gonna be prepared
well you're gonna be a lot better off
than just studying from at least plus
this is really this is boring to be
honest test Freddie's not boring cool
how much does it cost
let me tell him it's nine bucks per
month nine US dollars per month that
includes all of the life class
as well so it's way cheaper than a
language school and it's and it's way
cheaper than a book actually so it's
pretty fantastic way to get prepared for
your test yeah yeah cool bananas
jay-j yes sily so I need help with
preparing for my test okay I need help
with my pronunciation
what's your pronunciation is perfect oh
you need speaking lab which is a
pronunciation course on e to school this
is going to help you a lot it's really
cool so how does it work
well how it works is that there's a
video at the beginning like a lesson
that takes you through all the different
sounds there's listening activities
there's speaking activities and by the
end you're going to know all the
different sounds of English including
the ones that you're struggling with how
many sounds are there 44 in English
that's a lot it is yeah you've got to
ask me now do I get feedback but how
would I know if I'm pronouncing them
right that's a very good question sily
so how it works is it's really cool so
we've got this software built into the
system where you speak into the computer
and it actually evaluates you on your
word and sentence level pronunciation
and gives you feedback on each of those
sounds so you know if you're improving
or not improving or whatever it's really
cool and it's accurate actually which is
great so this course is nine dollars per
month which is pretty good it's much
cheaper than a personal tutor for
example that's cheaper than my lunch
true it's pretty good Thank You Jay no
problem
cool so also on a to school we have a
general English language course from
level one which is pretty basic so if
you need to build your sort of general
English skills like you really feel like
you need some fundamental skill building
or if you know somebody who does perhaps
you want to share that website so what
you need to do if you want to do test
preparation test preparation check out e
to language comm that's e to language
comm if you want to do general English
including grammar vocab for enunciation
check out e to school that's e to school
comm so we've got you completely covered
from beginning to end and please prepare
prepare prepare properly for these tests
you don't want to just take the test and
fail and learn from that instead you
should think about test prep or
fundamental English skill building
before you take your test thank you for
watching
[Music]